Add Function.length example including destructuring patterns (#34598)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/function/length/index.md

## Description

> A {{jsxref("Function")}} object's `length` property indicates how many arguments the function expects, i.e. the number of formal parameters. This number excludes the {{jsxref("Functions/rest_parameters", "rest parameter", "", 1)}} and only includes parameters before the first one with a default value. Additionally, a {{jsxref("Operators/Destructuring_assignment", "destructuring pattern")}} will count as a single parameter. By contrast, {{jsxref("Functions/arguments/length", "arguments.length")}} is local to a function and provides the number of arguments actually passed to the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {{jsxref("Function")}} object's `length` property indicates how many arguments the function expects, i.e. the number of formal parameters:

- Only parameters before the first one with a [default value](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/Default_parameters) are counted.
- A [destructuring pattern](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment) counts as a single parameter.
- The [rest parameter](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/rest_parameters) is excluded.

By contrast, {{jsxref("Functions/arguments/length", "arguments.length")}} is local to a function and provides the number of arguments actually passed to the function.
```
